Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Latka!
Oh. Louie. hello.
Just the man I'm looking for.
Do you have the correct time?
My watch stopped.
The correct time is
you're eight minutes late.
Oh. thank you.
Hold it. here. hold it.
This is serious.
I hope you got a good
excuse why you're late.
Well. do you think
that helping someone
who was almost killed
in an automobile accident
is a good excuse?
No.
Then you're going to hate mine.
Hold it. hold it.
I'll let you off
the hook this time
'cause you're not usually late.
but get to work!
Okay.
Hey. Latka. is everything okay?
Oh. yeah. everything is fine.
The reason I was late
is because I was dancing
around my apartment with joy.
Oh. yeah? Hey. what happened?
My beloved grandmother died.
That's good news?
No. that's terrible news.
Bobby. what kind
of a person are you?
No.
The-the reason it's good news
is because she left me
something very valuable
in her will.
Oooh.
What? What?
Cookies.
She left you cookies?
But not just any cookies.
See. people used to
come from miles around
just to eat her cookies.
And so last night I
go to the post office
and I pick up the recipe
and the package
with the ingredients
and I baked a batch.
You want to try?
Yeah.
I love grandmothers' cookies.
I love them.
Dig in. I hope you enjoy them.
Well. enjoy.
Well?
What do you say?
Well. they're. uh. not bad.
Did you swallow yet?
Did you swallow?
Mine seems to be getting larger.
I feel like I'm going to be
chewing for the rest of my life.
You mean. you don't like them?
Well... it's
just... it's just...
it's just the first taste.
I mean. maybe tomorrow
we could have another bite.
You don't like them.
No. no. no. Latka.
You know. tastes vary.
Tastes very what?
No. no. no.
Latka. what I'm trying
to say is that. you know.
maybe the people
in your country would love them.
but they might not taste
the same to the people
in our country.
I mean. that's perfectly
understandable. don't you think?
I think that the
people in America
will love my cookies.
And I think I am going
to sell them in the stores.
That's it. Latka.
I told you to get back
to work. you foreign dog.
Now get back to work.
What? Foreign dog?
I don't have to
take this from you.
I don't even need this job.
I have the cookies.
And I am going to
be rich and famous
just like the famous Amos...
The chocolate
chip cookie tycoon.
Oh. yeah? Latka.
I'm warning you.
No. Louie. I'm warning you.
You're warning me
when I'm warning you?
I am warning you.
Yeah? You're warning me?
Yes. I am quitting.
Oh. no. you're not. Latka.
You're not going to quit.
because I'm going to fire you.
You cannot fire me
if I am going to quit.
No. no. no. You can't
quit because I'm firing you!
But you cannot
fire me if I quit first.
I quit! You're fired!
I said it first.
No. you didn't.
I quit! You're fired!
I said it first again.
It doesn't matter
who says it first.
It's who says it loudest.
You're fired!
You're fired! You're
fired! You're fired!
I quit! I quit! I quit!
I can't hear you.
You're fired! You're fired!
I quit! I quit! I quit!
You're fired! You're
fired! You're fired!
Okay.
But I quit.
You're fired.
I'm fired.
You quit!
Thank you very much.
How you doing. Jeff?
The engine's back together.
Got a few pieces left over.
Close enough.
I'll give this cab to Wheeler.
Louie.
I don't know what I'm doing.
It's only temporary... Just
until I can find somebody
who will work as
cheap as the guy I fired.
He quit!
Hey. Lou. want to have
one of Latka's cookies?
I don't want any of
his crummy cookies
and I don't his name
mentioned in this garage again.
Why. Lou?
You miss him?
I had gas I miss more
than the guy I fired.
He quit!
You know. I'm really
starting to like these.
I don't actually like them.
but they're fun to chew.
Yeah. I know what you mean.
They kind of grow on you.
And they last
forever in your mouth.
I put one on the
bedpost last night.
Started on it
again this morning.
Grandma Gravas'
cookies might catch on.
I understand there are four
stores willing to try them out.
Hmm? Yeah.
Can you imagine Latka rich?
I'm back!
Hey. Jim!
Hey. Jim. welcome back.
So how was your trip?
Ah. great.
Omaha is lovely
this time of year.
I thought you were
hitchhiking to Washington.
I did too. but I
ended up in Omaha.
I must have used
the wrong thumb.
All right. let's get some
cabs on the road here.
Nardo. 316!
Yeah. just a second.
Wheeler. 441!
Banta. 221!
Rieger. 544!
See you guys.
Hey. Jim.
Uh-huh?
It's great to be back!
Well. boss... I'm
back from my vacation.
You didn't happen
to run into your brains
while you were
out there. did you?
No. but I wasn't really looking.
Well. I'll have a cab for you
in a minute. Gulliver.
Okay.
What's all these cookies?
They were baked
by a guy I fired.
He quit!
Ooh!
They got a nice
little surprise inside.
What are you talking about?
Well. I could be wrong...
but I detect something in here
that's a lot more
powerful than oatmeal.
What's in them? What's in them?
Well. let's check this out here.
Coca leaves.
Coca leaves?
Uh-huh.
You mean. the stuff
they make cocaine out of?
Yeah.
Yeah. from. uh... South America.
Peru. I believe.
Southern Peru.
'74. before the rains.
Poignant. but not overbearing.
Are you telling me
that Latka is selling
cookies with drugs in them?
Yeah.
Well. my duty as a
citizen is clear-cut.
Yeah. Jeff?
Get the police on the phone.
What do these. uh.
coca leaves do to you?
Well. if you chew
them for a while
you get a feeling of euphoria.
increased energy.
strength and stamina.
It's also rumored to
heighten your sexual desires.
And it makes you see beauty
in the most repulsive things.
Did anyone ever tell you
that you have the
most adorable ear?
Police are on the phone. Louie.
Tell them to mind
their own business.
Oh. Elaine?
She's not here.
What you got there. Lou?
Ah. nothing.
Hey. Lou!
Have you been noticing
anything strange about me lately?
Uh... strange?
Yeah.
No. no. no.
Nothing strange.
I don't know.
Feel like I'm sort of... happy.
I got all this energy. you know?
Uh-huh.
So last night
I had a little trouble
falling asleep.
so I wrote an opera.
An-an opera?
Yeah. I never thought
about writing an opera before.
but it sounded
like it would be fun.
It was. I'm going to
write another one tonight.
It just looks like. to me
that you're in a good mood.
Yeah. well. maybe.
I wonder if any of the
others are feeling this way?
I haven't noticed anything.
Hi. guys.
Hey. Bob!
What are you doing?
Huh?
Afternoon Of The Faun.
There is definitely something
weird going on here.
Hello.
Oh. Elaine.
Listen. uh... Uh... Nardo.
Have a cookie?
Oh. yes. thank you.
I've run out.
Louie. I've been having
the most incredible
perceptions today.
Do you realize the entire
human experience of the universe
can be summed
up in one sentence?
Do I! Hold that thought.
Why don't you come
on into my cage here
and we'll talk about that...
and sit right there...
and we'll have some cookies...
and a touch of the bubbly
to wash them down
your pretty little gullet.
No. no. no. Louie.
Louie. I'm serious.
I don't know why I
never saw it before.
I have verifiable proof
of the existence of God.
Later. later...
This stuff gets flat.
Damn it. I'm telling you
there's something wrong here.
Bobby Wheeler is
turning into a gazelle...
Elaine Nardo is in the
chamber of horrors...
Here's the
weirdest thing of all.
I'm standing here in
the garage on my day off.
And I came in here just
because I wanted. uh...
some more cookies... Hey. Lou!
There's something
wrong with these cookies.
Rieger. you're
being a real drip.
No. I'm telling you.
Lou. it's the cookies;
they're doing something to us.
No. everybody's just
having a good time.
Look at Banta. here.
He's eaten a billion of them.
There's nothing
the matter with him.
Tony. how you feeling?
I'm fine.
Eh!
Ah. well. maybe you're right.
Maybe I am imagining it.
Anybody want any coffee?
Yeah. I'll have some.
Whoo!
Sixteen.
Come in.
Latka... Hello. Alex.
How are you?
Fine. Lat... About 24
bags by tomorrow...
supermarket. you
know... Look. Latka...
Isn't it wonderful
how so much success
I'm having with these cookies?
Everyone loves them so much!
You know. and I'm going
to be rich and famous
like Famous Amos. you know.
but. you know. I
would trade it all
if I would only stop
talking for one minute.
Latka. Latka. stop.
Latka. listen to me.
There's a drug in those cookies.
No... no.
No... Now. Latka.
Jim says there's
coca leaves in them.
What?
Coca leaves.
Coca leaves?
Oh... that must be
the secret ingredient.
Right.
That means it's
going to ruin me.
I will not be able to sell
my cookies anymore.
Well. I'm sorry about that.
Now I cannot do it
and my dream is gone.
Oh. No.
This explains why my
grandmother's cookies
were so popular with
musicians in my country.
Latka. you think your
grandmother knew
that there was a
drug in these cookies?
Oh. no. no. no. She
would not know that.
She was a very good woman. Alex.
A very busy. good woman.
She was always knitting
doilies. you know?
A doily here. a
doily there. Yeah.
Doilies everywhere.
"Merry Christmas. Latka.
Here is a doily for you."
Oh. everywhere
you look is doilies.
I'd like to give you
a doily. you old bag!
I'll give you a doily!
Latka. Latka. Latka.
calm down. Calm down.
Oh. oh. oh. but what is
happening to me. Alex?
I used to be such a sweet man.
I used to be so cute
you could eat me up.
Yes. yes. yes.
I know you were.
But that's what happens to
you when you take that drug.
Really?
That's why you got to kick it
right now. right tonight.
You hear me? You
got to get rid of this.
How am I going to do it?
Well. look. first
of all we got...
No more cookies. Yeah?
We're going to get
rid of all these cookies.
That's a good idea.
We'll start with this one.
No. no. no.
Latka. sit down. Sit down.
Listen to me. Look...
It's going to be a very
tough night for you.
I mean. you're
going to get nervous.
you're going to get anxious.
You might even get sick.
You might even have
hallucinations. delirium.
Latka. you're looking at
the worst night of your life.
Now. I don't want
you to worry about it.
I'm going to be right here
going through the
whole thing with you.
Thank you very much.
Alex. all my dreams are gone.
I thought I was going
to be rich and famous
like the Famous Amos. See?
But now is nothing.
I thought I was going to
finally get out of the garage.
You know. I did
not want to be rich
for the same reasons that
other men want to be rich.
Oh. you mean not for the
houses. the cars or the women?
Oh. maybe it was
the same reasons.
But you know. I want to think...
but... you know... you know...
Let's try to get
some sleep. all right?
I'll try. I don't
know if I could.
I'm going to stay up and
watch you all night. okay?
All right. thank you.
Famous Amos.
I... I don't believe it.
What's happening. Latka?
I don't know.
What's happening to you?
Boy. Welcome to my home.
Thank you. but
I'm not really here.
You're hallucinating.
Oh... I'm only in your mind.
Well. then welcome to my mind.
If I knew you were coming
I would have
cleaned it up a bit.
Listen. man. I heard what
happened to your cookies.
It's a tough break.
Oh. that's nice of you to say.
I came by because
I wanted to say that
success. fame.
fortune... All that stuff...
It's truly overrated.
Oh.
I wanted to tell you
that the really
important things in life
are the simple things.
Oh. the simple things.
A sunset. Yeah.
The smelling of a flower. Mmm...
I'd like to tell you all
of those things. Latka.
but I can't. Why?
'Cause it's a crock.
A crock?
That's right. a crock.
Hey. man. success
is wonderful. Yeah?
Cash is out of sight. Oh...
Do whatever you
can to be successful
'cause it's great. Great.
And if it happens
overnight. it's even better.
Hey. your cookies went
down the tubes... big deal.
Big deal.
Try cupcakes.
Try jelly rolls.
Aluminum siding.
What's the difference?
Nothing at all.
Just get rich.
These are wonderful words.
Man. I just want to
try to help. you know?
Well. thank you very much.
Give me five.
Keep the change.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. Famous Amos.
Thank you for the hallucination.
It was wonderful.
Maybe we do it again sometime.
Oh. boy.
Alex. Alex. wake up.
Alex. wake up. Hmm?
I have something to tell you.
I just found out something
very important about myself.
Alex. I want to be
richer than anything.
I want to be richer
than the Joneses.
I want to make lots of
money. as much as I can.
I want to be rolling in money.
Alex... you know something?
I just became an American.
Night. Mr. Walters.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today